Early lectures are good introduction to some statistical understanding of basic ideas such as regression. 
The lectures are well done. 

In statistics, linear regression is a linear approach to modelling the relationship between 
a scalar response (or dependent variable) and one or more explanatory variables (or independent variables)
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Linear_regression

In statistics, simple linear regression is a linear regression model with a single explanatory variable.
That is, it concerns two-dimensional sample points with one independent variable and one dependent variable 
(conventionally, the x and y coordinates in a Cartesian coordinate system) and finds a linear function 
(a non-vertical straight line) that, as accurately as possible, predicts the dependent variable values 
as a function of the independent variables. The adjective simple refers to the fact that the outcome 
variable is related to a single predictor.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Simple_linear_regression
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ordinary_least_squares
Simple_linear_regression is commonly used in machine learning. 
https://people.cs.pitt.edu/~milos/courses/cs2750-Spring03/lectures/class6.pdf

R-squared (sq) is basically the goodness of fit; meaning how well does the regression line represent the variables; how good does it fit. 

Lecture 45 
Adjusted R squared (sq) seeks to allow us to continue to add more variables and decrease R-sq
https://www.udemy.com/datascience/learn/lecture/3504220?start=0
R2 (squared) = 1 - SSres / SStot
The adjusted R-squared is a modified version of R-squared that has been adjusted for the number of 
predictors in the model. The adjusted R-squared increases only if the new term improves the model 
more than would be expected by chance. It decreases when a predictor improves the model by 
less than expected by chance.

See Gretl Notes file for lectures on use of Gretl and analysis.

See Start up Notes and StepByStep notes for building a model. 

Logistic regression - Section 3 of Modeling working on email offer
Lecture start https://www.udemy.com/datascience/learn/lecture/3532170

Geodemographic regression introduction lecture 70

Assessming your model starts with lecture 80


{\rtf1}
