{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17420\viewh14560\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
Lecture 98 Model Deterioration https://www.udemy.com/datascience/learn/lecture/3555978?start=0\
See idea in image ModelDeteriorationVisual.png\
Basically depending on the variables and their volatility a models usefulness can change over time. \
\
Lecture 99 Why do Model Deteriorate https://www.udemy.com/datascience/learn/lecture/3504278\
Really they are things that make sense in the interpretation of the CAP curve\
1. new variable comes into play\
2. changes in behavior of the people/groups involved\
3. changes in the processes impacting the model\
4. changes in the current variables involved (aka not #1), ex your activities of using the model has actually impacted the model. \
5. competitor has entered the market\
6. changes in the industry the model functions in\
7. changes in regulations (subset of industry changes); no longer direct mail now using email as example\
8. changes in the product or service that the model is functions within/around/about\
9. depletion - some models have circumstances involve variables that are 1 off, like you can only get the person to do something once. \
what this does is causes the variable of people to be \'91depleted\'92\
10. spontaneous changes - odd stuff can happen SEE IMAGE SpontaneousChangesInModel.png\
interpretation - something happened and all of a sudden a heap of people left\
If you think about the 3 countries for instance, it might be that the folks from each country leave at similar %\'92s of probability.\
If that this the case and the folks from a certain country are less likely to leave you can have a large dip in the graph. \
Not mysterious, just need to think. \
\
NOTE: when a CAP curve is peculiar you have to adjust the use of the Rule of Thumb :) \
\
Lecture 100 Model Maintenance https://www.udemy.com/datascience/learn/lecture/3504280\
ARR\
Assess your model - basically run your model on some new data and see what it would have predicted, check CAP curve. \
If happy then stop, if not happy continue\
Retrain your model - not necessary to go through the whole rebuild process, you generally keep the variables that you have\
use train data and test data. If you\'92re not happy with this, then next step. \
Rebuild - aka start over. \
Champion challenge - run both models side by side for a while to see if one of them works out better over time. \
\
Lecture 101 Section Recap\
1. what is model deterioration \
2. why this happens\
3. three levels of Model Maintenance \'93ARR\'94\
4. Champion challenger if you rebuild\
\
 \
}